# Mall-Customers
The goal of this project is to segment the clients into different groups visiting the mall based on two metrics i.e the annual income and the spending score of these clients using Clustering model techniques like K-Means Clustering and Hierarchical Clustering.
There is a big mall in a specfic city that contains information of its clients, the client that subscribe to the membership card. When the client subscribe to the card they provided their information like gender, age and their annual income and because they have this card they use it to buy all types of things in the mall. And therefore the mall has to purchase history of each of its clients member. And that's how they obtained the last column here which is a spending score. So a reminder the spending sore is a score that the amount computed for each of their clients based on several criteria for example their income the number of times per week they show up in the mall And of course the amount of money they spent in a year and based on all of this they computed this metric that takes values between 1 and 100. So that the closer to spending score is 1 which means less the client spends and the closer the spending score to 100 that means more the client spends. And eventually after collecting this data set the company hired you as a Machine Learning scientist to segment their clients in two different groups based on these two metrics i.e. the annual income and the spending score. And since the mall has no idea of what this client segments might be or even no idea about how many segments there would be. This is typically a clustering problem because we don't know the answers.
